good foam what a feeling do you have in this
moment because the central fans
we've been waiting for it for years
Be like you many years ago
you are waiting for this moment if the
thank you and good afternoon were many
21 years almost and today the average news
without thinking that I have the opportunity
is working in the club at my club in
my city
I am very happy very happy because they give me
the opportunity to work on something that
I did all my life that was
play soccer and where do I think of
Somehow I can go show them something
the way of what I did during my
career of the football player in front
in this case because I'm going to work
specifically with forwards and I hope
it's good that this pays off
it's going to take a while is not it going to
have fruits tomorrow comes back is coming
but good the idea is to be improved
the abilities of the kids that already
he has his aptitudes of course he feels
we saw the costumes again
putting on your official clothing to train
to the central guys that you felt in
that moment put on the shirt a
tremendous joy that I think you should
feel each player each boy or each
big that puts on this shirt that
everyone who puts on this shirt has
to feel something special
I hope I can transmit it to the
guys what I felt when I was playing
soccer to canada in central rosario that
it's going to be one of work but obviously
the main one is going to be that they are what
as effective as possible within the
of the playing field and in their positions
Specific to be the front
without navas as a first advice the
guys try and mistake practice
practice, practice, do not practice
have shame if they kick and it goes wrong
it matters for that is the training
to get better then when you go
practicing you go paternity to the best you
it comes out 10 meters up keep practicing
of night exposure or meter up
to 76 until the moments and you're going to
be custom to put it in there
well that what you have to do no
you have to be ashamed you have to kick
you have to try you have to try to improve
and if it goes wrong to return the next one so that
come out better and this is going to be the job
from day to day not by the club
part of the fans we are very happy
thank you very much
I can assure you that I am much more
happy that you because you wait for it
a long time I hope not to disappoint I hope
be as I said before at the height of
circumstance is in my illusion